# symbol_rest_client.model.ImportanceBlockDTO

## Load the model package
```dart
import 'package:symbol_rest_client/api.dart';
```

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**size** | **int** | A number that allows uint 32 values. | 
**signature** | **String** | Entity's signature generated by the signer. | 
**signerPublicKey** | **String** | Public key. | 
**version** | **int** | Entity version. | 
**network** | [**NetworkTypeEnum**](NetworkTypeEnum.md) |  | 
**type** | **int** |  | 
**height** | **String** | Height of the blockchain. | 
**timestamp** | **String** | Number of milliseconds elapsed since the creation of the nemesis block. This value can be converted to epoch time by adding the network's 'epochAdjustment'. | 
**difficulty** | **String** | Determines how hard is to harvest a new block, based on previous blocks. | 
**proofGamma** | **String** | 32-bytes VRF proof gamma. | 
**proofVerificationHash** | **String** | 16-bytes VRF proof verification hash. | 
**proofScalar** | **String** | 32-bytes VRF proof scalar. | 
**previousBlockHash** | **String** |  | 
**transactionsHash** | **String** |  | 
**receiptsHash** | **String** |  | 
**stateHash** | **String** |  | 
**beneficiaryAddress** | **String** | Address encoded using a 32-character set. | 
**feeMultiplier** | **int** | Fee multiplier applied to transactions contained in block. | 
**votingEligibleAccountsCount** | **int** | A number that allows uint 32 values. | [optional] 
**harvestingEligibleAccountsCount** | **String** | A number that allows uint 64 values represented with a string. | [optional] 
**totalVotingBalance** | **String** | Absolute amount. An amount of 123456789 (absolute) for a mosaic with divisibility 6 means 123.456789 (relative). | [optional] 
**previousImportanceBlockHash** | **String** |  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


