# symbol_rest_client.model.MosaicDefinitionTransactionDTO

## Load the model package
```dart
import 'package:symbol_rest_client/api.dart';
```

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**size** | **int** | A number that allows uint 32 values. | 
**signature** | **String** | Entity's signature generated by the signer. | 
**signerPublicKey** | **String** | Public key. | 
**version** | **int** | Entity version. | 
**network** | [**NetworkTypeEnum**](NetworkTypeEnum.md) |  | 
**type** | **int** |  | 
**maxFee** | **String** | Absolute amount. An amount of 123456789 (absolute) for a mosaic with divisibility 6 means 123.456789 (relative). | 
**deadline** | **String** | Duration expressed in number of blocks. | 
**id** | **String** | Mosaic identifier. | [optional] 
**duration** | **String** | Duration expressed in number of blocks. | [optional] 
**nonce** | **int** | A number that allows uint 32 values. | [optional] 
**flags** | **int** | - 0x00 (none) - No flags present. - 0x01 (supplyMutable) - Mosaic supports supply changes even when mosaic owner owns partial supply. - 0x02 (transferable) - Mosaic supports transfers between arbitrary accounts. When not set, mosaic can only be transferred to and from mosaic owner. - 0x04 (restrictable) - Mosaic supports custom restrictions configured by mosaic owner. - 0x08 (revokable) - Mosaic allows creator to revoke balances from another user.  | [optional] 
**divisibility** | **int** | Determines up to what decimal place the mosaic can be divided. Divisibility of 3 means that a mosaic can be divided into smallest parts of 0.001 mosaics. The divisibility must be in the range of 0 and 6.  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


