# BlockDTO

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Size** | **int64** | A number that allows uint 32 values. | 
**Signature** | **string** | Entity&#39;s signature generated by the signer. | 
**SignerPublicKey** | **string** | Public key. | 
**Version** | **int32** | Entity version. | 
**Network** | [**NetworkTypeEnum**](NetworkTypeEnum.md) |  | 
**Type** | **int32** |  | 
**Height** | **string** | Height of the blockchain. | 
**Timestamp** | **string** | Number of milliseconds elapsed since the creation of the nemesis block. This value can be converted to epoch time by adding the network&#39;s &#39;epochAdjustment&#39;. | 
**Difficulty** | **string** | Determines how hard is to harvest a new block, based on previous blocks. | 
**ProofGamma** | **string** | 32-bytes VRF proof gamma. | 
**ProofVerificationHash** | **string** | 16-bytes VRF proof verification hash. | 
**ProofScalar** | **string** | 32-bytes VRF proof scalar. | 
**PreviousBlockHash** | **string** |  | 
**TransactionsHash** | **string** |  | 
**ReceiptsHash** | **string** |  | 
**StateHash** | **string** |  | 
**BeneficiaryAddress** | **string** | Address encoded using a 32-character set. | 
**FeeMultiplier** | **int64** | Fee multiplier applied to transactions contained in block. | 

## Methods

### NewBlockDTO

`func NewBlockDTO(size int64, signature string, signerPublicKey string, version int32, network NetworkTypeEnum, type_ int32, height string, timestamp string, difficulty string, proofGamma string, proofVerificationHash string, proofScalar string, previousBlockHash string, transactionsHash string, receiptsHash string, stateHash string, beneficiaryAddress string, feeMultiplier int64, ) *BlockDTO`

NewBlockDTO instantiates a new BlockDTO object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewBlockDTOWithDefaults

`func NewBlockDTOWithDefaults() *BlockDTO`

NewBlockDTOWithDefaults instantiates a new BlockDTO object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetSize

`func (o *BlockDTO) GetSize() int64`

GetSize returns the Size field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSizeOk

`func (o *BlockDTO) GetSizeOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetSizeOk returns a tuple with the Size field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSize

`func (o *BlockDTO) SetSize(v int64)`

SetSize sets Size field to given value.


### GetSignature

`func (o *BlockDTO) GetSignature() string`

GetSignature returns the Signature field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSignatureOk

`func (o *BlockDTO) GetSignatureOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSignatureOk returns a tuple with the Signature field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSignature

`func (o *BlockDTO) SetSignature(v string)`

SetSignature sets Signature field to given value.


### GetSignerPublicKey

`func (o *BlockDTO) GetSignerPublicKey() string`

GetSignerPublicKey returns the SignerPublicKey field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSignerPublicKeyOk

`func (o *BlockDTO) GetSignerPublicKeyOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSignerPublicKeyOk returns a tuple with the SignerPublicKey field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSignerPublicKey

`func (o *BlockDTO) SetSignerPublicKey(v string)`

SetSignerPublicKey sets SignerPublicKey field to given value.


### GetVersion

`func (o *BlockDTO) GetVersion() int32`

GetVersion returns the Version field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetVersionOk

`func (o *BlockDTO) GetVersionOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetVersionOk returns a tuple with the Version field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetVersion

`func (o *BlockDTO) SetVersion(v int32)`

SetVersion sets Version field to given value.


### GetNetwork

`func (o *BlockDTO) GetNetwork() NetworkTypeEnum`

GetNetwork returns the Network field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNetworkOk

`func (o *BlockDTO) GetNetworkOk() (*NetworkTypeEnum, bool)`

GetNetworkOk returns a tuple with the Network field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetNetwork

`func (o *BlockDTO) SetNetwork(v NetworkTypeEnum)`

SetNetwork sets Network field to given value.


### GetType

`func (o *BlockDTO) GetType() int32`

GetType returns the Type field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTypeOk

`func (o *BlockDTO) GetTypeOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetTypeOk returns a tuple with the Type field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetType

`func (o *BlockDTO) SetType(v int32)`

SetType sets Type field to given value.


### GetHeight

`func (o *BlockDTO) GetHeight() string`

GetHeight returns the Height field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetHeightOk

`func (o *BlockDTO) GetHeightOk() (*string, bool)`

GetHeightOk returns a tuple with the Height field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetHeight

`func (o *BlockDTO) SetHeight(v string)`

SetHeight sets Height field to given value.


### GetTimestamp

`func (o *BlockDTO) GetTimestamp() string`

GetTimestamp returns the Timestamp field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTimestampOk

`func (o *BlockDTO) GetTimestampOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTimestampOk returns a tuple with the Timestamp field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTimestamp

`func (o *BlockDTO) SetTimestamp(v string)`

SetTimestamp sets Timestamp field to given value.


### GetDifficulty

`func (o *BlockDTO) GetDifficulty() string`

GetDifficulty returns the Difficulty field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDifficultyOk

`func (o *BlockDTO) GetDifficultyOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDifficultyOk returns a tuple with the Difficulty field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDifficulty

`func (o *BlockDTO) SetDifficulty(v string)`

SetDifficulty sets Difficulty field to given value.


### GetProofGamma

`func (o *BlockDTO) GetProofGamma() string`

GetProofGamma returns the ProofGamma field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetProofGammaOk

`func (o *BlockDTO) GetProofGammaOk() (*string, bool)`

GetProofGammaOk returns a tuple with the ProofGamma field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetProofGamma

`func (o *BlockDTO) SetProofGamma(v string)`

SetProofGamma sets ProofGamma field to given value.


### GetProofVerificationHash

`func (o *BlockDTO) GetProofVerificationHash() string`

GetProofVerificationHash returns the ProofVerificationHash field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetProofVerificationHashOk

`func (o *BlockDTO) GetProofVerificationHashOk() (*string, bool)`

GetProofVerificationHashOk returns a tuple with the ProofVerificationHash field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetProofVerificationHash

`func (o *BlockDTO) SetProofVerificationHash(v string)`

SetProofVerificationHash sets ProofVerificationHash field to given value.


### GetProofScalar

`func (o *BlockDTO) GetProofScalar() string`

GetProofScalar returns the ProofScalar field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetProofScalarOk

`func (o *BlockDTO) GetProofScalarOk() (*string, bool)`

GetProofScalarOk returns a tuple with the ProofScalar field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetProofScalar

`func (o *BlockDTO) SetProofScalar(v string)`

SetProofScalar sets ProofScalar field to given value.


### GetPreviousBlockHash

`func (o *BlockDTO) GetPreviousBlockHash() string`

GetPreviousBlockHash returns the PreviousBlockHash field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPreviousBlockHashOk

`func (o *BlockDTO) GetPreviousBlockHashOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPreviousBlockHashOk returns a tuple with the PreviousBlockHash field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPreviousBlockHash

`func (o *BlockDTO) SetPreviousBlockHash(v string)`

SetPreviousBlockHash sets PreviousBlockHash field to given value.


### GetTransactionsHash

`func (o *BlockDTO) GetTransactionsHash() string`

GetTransactionsHash returns the TransactionsHash field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTransactionsHashOk

`func (o *BlockDTO) GetTransactionsHashOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTransactionsHashOk returns a tuple with the TransactionsHash field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTransactionsHash

`func (o *BlockDTO) SetTransactionsHash(v string)`

SetTransactionsHash sets TransactionsHash field to given value.


### GetReceiptsHash

`func (o *BlockDTO) GetReceiptsHash() string`

GetReceiptsHash returns the ReceiptsHash field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetReceiptsHashOk

`func (o *BlockDTO) GetReceiptsHashOk() (*string, bool)`

GetReceiptsHashOk returns a tuple with the ReceiptsHash field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetReceiptsHash

`func (o *BlockDTO) SetReceiptsHash(v string)`

SetReceiptsHash sets ReceiptsHash field to given value.


### GetStateHash

`func (o *BlockDTO) GetStateHash() string`

GetStateHash returns the StateHash field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStateHashOk

`func (o *BlockDTO) GetStateHashOk() (*string, bool)`

GetStateHashOk returns a tuple with the StateHash field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetStateHash

`func (o *BlockDTO) SetStateHash(v string)`

SetStateHash sets StateHash field to given value.


### GetBeneficiaryAddress

`func (o *BlockDTO) GetBeneficiaryAddress() string`

GetBeneficiaryAddress returns the BeneficiaryAddress field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetBeneficiaryAddressOk

`func (o *BlockDTO) GetBeneficiaryAddressOk() (*string, bool)`

GetBeneficiaryAddressOk returns a tuple with the BeneficiaryAddress field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetBeneficiaryAddress

`func (o *BlockDTO) SetBeneficiaryAddress(v string)`

SetBeneficiaryAddress sets BeneficiaryAddress field to given value.


### GetFeeMultiplier

`func (o *BlockDTO) GetFeeMultiplier() int64`

GetFeeMultiplier returns the FeeMultiplier field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetFeeMultiplierOk

`func (o *BlockDTO) GetFeeMultiplierOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetFeeMultiplierOk returns a tuple with the FeeMultiplier field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetFeeMultiplier

`func (o *BlockDTO) SetFeeMultiplier(v int64)`

SetFeeMultiplier sets FeeMultiplier field to given value.



[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


