# Cosignature

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**ParentHash** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**Signature** | Pointer to **string** | Entity&#39;s signature generated by the signer. | [optional] 
**SignerPublicKey** | Pointer to **string** | Public key. | [optional] 
**Version** | Pointer to **string** | Cosignature version. | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewCosignature

`func NewCosignature() *Cosignature`

NewCosignature instantiates a new Cosignature object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewCosignatureWithDefaults

`func NewCosignatureWithDefaults() *Cosignature`

NewCosignatureWithDefaults instantiates a new Cosignature object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetParentHash

`func (o *Cosignature) GetParentHash() string`

GetParentHash returns the ParentHash field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetParentHashOk

`func (o *Cosignature) GetParentHashOk() (*string, bool)`

GetParentHashOk returns a tuple with the ParentHash field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetParentHash

`func (o *Cosignature) SetParentHash(v string)`

SetParentHash sets ParentHash field to given value.

### HasParentHash

`func (o *Cosignature) HasParentHash() bool`

HasParentHash returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSignature

`func (o *Cosignature) GetSignature() string`

GetSignature returns the Signature field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSignatureOk

`func (o *Cosignature) GetSignatureOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSignatureOk returns a tuple with the Signature field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSignature

`func (o *Cosignature) SetSignature(v string)`

SetSignature sets Signature field to given value.

### HasSignature

`func (o *Cosignature) HasSignature() bool`

HasSignature returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSignerPublicKey

`func (o *Cosignature) GetSignerPublicKey() string`

GetSignerPublicKey returns the SignerPublicKey field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSignerPublicKeyOk

`func (o *Cosignature) GetSignerPublicKeyOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSignerPublicKeyOk returns a tuple with the SignerPublicKey field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSignerPublicKey

`func (o *Cosignature) SetSignerPublicKey(v string)`

SetSignerPublicKey sets SignerPublicKey field to given value.

### HasSignerPublicKey

`func (o *Cosignature) HasSignerPublicKey() bool`

HasSignerPublicKey returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetVersion

`func (o *Cosignature) GetVersion() string`

GetVersion returns the Version field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetVersionOk

`func (o *Cosignature) GetVersionOk() (*string, bool)`

GetVersionOk returns a tuple with the Version field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetVersion

`func (o *Cosignature) SetVersion(v string)`

SetVersion sets Version field to given value.

### HasVersion

`func (o *Cosignature) HasVersion() bool`

HasVersion returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


