# Org.OpenAPITools.Model.MosaicDefinitionTransactionDTO
Transaction to create a new mosaic.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Size** | **long** | A number that allows uint 32 values. | 
**Signature** | **string** | Entity&#39;s signature generated by the signer. | 
**SignerPublicKey** | **string** | Public key. | 
**VarVersion** | **int** | Entity version. | 
**Network** | **NetworkTypeEnum** |  | 
**Type** | **int** |  | 
**MaxFee** | **string** | Absolute amount. An amount of 123456789 (absolute) for a mosaic with divisibility 6 means 123.456789 (relative). | 
**Deadline** | **string** | Duration expressed in number of blocks. | 
**Id** | **string** | Mosaic identifier. | 
**Duration** | **string** | Duration expressed in number of blocks. | 
**Nonce** | **long** | A number that allows uint 32 values. | 
**Flags** | **int** | - 0x00 (none) - No flags present. - 0x01 (supplyMutable) - Mosaic supports supply changes even when mosaic owner owns partial supply. - 0x02 (transferable) - Mosaic supports transfers between arbitrary accounts. When not set, mosaic can only be transferred to and from mosaic owner. - 0x04 (restrictable) - Mosaic supports custom restrictions configured by mosaic owner. - 0x08 (revokable) - Mosaic allows creator to revoke balances from another user.  | 
**Divisibility** | **int** | Determines up to what decimal place the mosaic can be divided. Divisibility of 3 means that a mosaic can be divided into smallest parts of 0.001 mosaics. The divisibility must be in the range of 0 and 6.  | 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

