# # ImportanceBlockDTO

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**size** | **int** | A number that allows uint 32 values. |
**signature** | **string** | Entity&#39;s signature generated by the signer. |
**signer_public_key** | **string** | Public key. |
**version** | **int** | Entity version. |
**network** | [**\SymbolRestClient\Model\NetworkTypeEnum**](NetworkTypeEnum.md) |  |
**type** | **int** |  |
**height** | **string** | Height of the blockchain. |
**timestamp** | **string** | Number of milliseconds elapsed since the creation of the nemesis block. This value can be converted to epoch time by adding the network&#39;s &#39;epochAdjustment&#39;. |
**difficulty** | **string** | Determines how hard is to harvest a new block, based on previous blocks. |
**proof_gamma** | **string** | 32-bytes VRF proof gamma. |
**proof_verification_hash** | **string** | 16-bytes VRF proof verification hash. |
**proof_scalar** | **string** | 32-bytes VRF proof scalar. |
**previous_block_hash** | **string** |  |
**transactions_hash** | **string** |  |
**receipts_hash** | **string** |  |
**state_hash** | **string** |  |
**beneficiary_address** | **string** | Address encoded using a 32-character set. |
**fee_multiplier** | **int** | Fee multiplier applied to transactions contained in block. |
**voting_eligible_accounts_count** | **int** | A number that allows uint 32 values. |
**harvesting_eligible_accounts_count** | **string** | A number that allows uint 64 values represented with a string. |
**total_voting_balance** | **string** | Absolute amount. An amount of 123456789 (absolute) for a mosaic with divisibility 6 means 123.456789 (relative). |
**previous_importance_block_hash** | **string** |  |

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
