# TransactionInfoDTOTransaction


## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**size** | **int** | A number that allows uint 32 values. | 
**signature** | **str** | Entity&#39;s signature generated by the signer. | 
**signer_public_key** | **str** | Public key. | 
**version** | **int** | Entity version. | 
**network** | [**NetworkTypeEnum**](NetworkTypeEnum.md) |  | 
**type** | **int** |  | 
**max_fee** | **str** | Absolute amount. An amount of 123456789 (absolute) for a mosaic with divisibility 6 means 123.456789 (relative). | 
**deadline** | **str** | Duration expressed in number of blocks. | 
**linked_public_key** | **str** | 32 bytes voting public key. | 
**link_action** | [**LinkActionEnum**](LinkActionEnum.md) |  | 
**start_epoch** | **int** | Finalization Epoch | 
**end_epoch** | **int** | Finalization Epoch | 
**transactions_hash** | **str** |  | 
**cosignatures** | [**List[CosignatureDTO]**](CosignatureDTO.md) | Array of transaction cosignatures. | 
**transactions** | [**List[EmbeddedTransactionInfoDTO]**](EmbeddedTransactionInfoDTO.md) | Array of transactions initiated by different accounts. | 
**mosaic_id** | **str** | Mosaic identifier. If the most significant bit of byte 0 is set, a namespaceId (alias) is used instead of the real mosaic identifier.  | 
**amount** | **str** | Absolute amount. An amount of 123456789 (absolute) for a mosaic with divisibility 6 means 123.456789 (relative). | 
**duration** | **str** | Duration expressed in number of blocks. | 
**hash** | **str** |  | 
**recipient_address** | **str** | Address expressed in Base32 format. If the bit 0 of byte 0 is not set (like in 0x90), then it is a regular address. Example: TAOXUJOTTW3W5XTBQMQEX3SQNA6MCUVGXLXR3TA.  Otherwise (e.g. 0x91) it represents a namespace id which starts at byte 1. Example: THBIMC3THGH5RUYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA  | 
**secret** | **str** |  | 
**hash_algorithm** | [**LockHashAlgorithmEnum**](LockHashAlgorithmEnum.md) |  | 
**proof** | **str** | Original random set of bytes. | 
**target_address** | **str** | Address expressed in Base32 format. If the bit 0 of byte 0 is not set (like in 0x90), then it is a regular address. Example: TAOXUJOTTW3W5XTBQMQEX3SQNA6MCUVGXLXR3TA.  Otherwise (e.g. 0x91) it represents a namespace id which starts at byte 1. Example: THBIMC3THGH5RUYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA  | 
**scoped_metadata_key** | **str** | Metadata key scoped to source, target and type expressed. | 
**value_size_delta** | **int** | Change in value size in bytes. | 
**value_size** | **int** | A number that allows uint 32 values. | 
**value** | **str** | Metadata value. If embedded in a transaction, this is calculated as xor(previous-value, value). | 
**target_mosaic_id** | **str** | Mosaic identifier. If the most significant bit of byte 0 is set, a namespaceId (alias) is used instead of the real mosaic identifier.  | 
**target_namespace_id** | **str** | Namespace identifier. | [optional] 
**id** | **str** | Namespace identifier. | 
**nonce** | **int** | A number that allows uint 32 values. | 
**flags** | **int** | - 0x00 (none) - No flags present. - 0x01 (supplyMutable) - Mosaic supports supply changes even when mosaic owner owns partial supply. - 0x02 (transferable) - Mosaic supports transfers between arbitrary accounts. When not set, mosaic can only be transferred to and from mosaic owner. - 0x04 (restrictable) - Mosaic supports custom restrictions configured by mosaic owner. - 0x08 (revokable) - Mosaic allows creator to revoke balances from another user.  | 
**divisibility** | **int** | Determines up to what decimal place the mosaic can be divided. Divisibility of 3 means that a mosaic can be divided into smallest parts of 0.001 mosaics. The divisibility must be in the range of 0 and 6.  | 
**delta** | **str** | Absolute amount. An amount of 123456789 (absolute) for a mosaic with divisibility 6 means 123.456789 (relative). | 
**action** | [**MosaicSupplyChangeActionEnum**](MosaicSupplyChangeActionEnum.md) |  | 
**source_address** | **str** | Address expressed in Base32 format. If the bit 0 of byte 0 is not set (like in 0x90), then it is a regular address. Example: TAOXUJOTTW3W5XTBQMQEX3SQNA6MCUVGXLXR3TA.  Otherwise (e.g. 0x91) it represents a namespace id which starts at byte 1. Example: THBIMC3THGH5RUYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA  | 
**parent_id** | **str** | Namespace identifier. | [optional] 
**registration_type** | [**NamespaceRegistrationTypeEnum**](NamespaceRegistrationTypeEnum.md) |  | 
**name** | **str** | Namespace name. | 
**namespace_id** | **str** | Namespace identifier. | 
**address** | **str** | Address encoded using a 32-character set. | 
**alias_action** | [**AliasActionEnum**](AliasActionEnum.md) |  | 
**min_removal_delta** | **int** | Number of signatures needed to remove a cosignatory. If we are modifying an existing multisig account, this indicates the relative change of the minimum cosignatories.  | 
**min_approval_delta** | **int** | Number of signatures needed to approve a transaction. If we are modifying an existing multisig account, this indicates the relative change of the minimum cosignatories.  | 
**address_additions** | **List[str]** | Array of cosignatory accounts to add. | 
**address_deletions** | **List[str]** | Array of cosignatory accounts to delete. | 
**restriction_flags** | [**AccountRestrictionFlagsEnum**](AccountRestrictionFlagsEnum.md) |  | 
**restriction_additions** | [**List[TransactionTypeEnum]**](TransactionTypeEnum.md) | Account restriction additions. | 
**restriction_deletions** | [**List[TransactionTypeEnum]**](TransactionTypeEnum.md) | Account restriction deletions. | 
**reference_mosaic_id** | **str** | Mosaic identifier. If the most significant bit of byte 0 is set, a namespaceId (alias) is used instead of the real mosaic identifier.  | 
**restriction_key** | **str** | Restriction key. | 
**previous_restriction_value** | **str** | Restriction value. | 
**new_restriction_value** | **str** | Restriction value. | 
**previous_restriction_type** | [**MosaicRestrictionTypeEnum**](MosaicRestrictionTypeEnum.md) |  | 
**new_restriction_type** | [**MosaicRestrictionTypeEnum**](MosaicRestrictionTypeEnum.md) |  | 
**mosaics** | [**List[UnresolvedMosaic]**](UnresolvedMosaic.md) | Array of mosaics sent to the recipient.  | 
**message** | **str** | Transfer transaction message | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.transaction_info_dto_transaction import TransactionInfoDTOTransaction

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of TransactionInfoDTOTransaction from a JSON string
transaction_info_dto_transaction_instance = TransactionInfoDTOTransaction.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print TransactionInfoDTOTransaction.to_json()

# convert the object into a dict
transaction_info_dto_transaction_dict = transaction_info_dto_transaction_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of TransactionInfoDTOTransaction from a dict
transaction_info_dto_transaction_form_dict = transaction_info_dto_transaction.from_dict(transaction_info_dto_transaction_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


